readme file updated (#13)
ONSdigital/dis-authentication-stub: README.md

# dis-authentication-stub

> This project provides an authentication service stub for testing login and authentication processes without relying on `dp-identity-api`, `Florence`, or `Cognito`. The `dis-authentication-stub` simulates essential login, token renewal, and proxy functionality, allowing local testing for projects like `data-api` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project provides an authentication service stub for testing login and authentication processes without relying on `dp-identity-api`, `Florence`, or `Cognito`. The `dis-authentication-stub` simulates essential login, token renewal, and proxy functionality, allowing local testing for services such as dp-dataset-api when running in "private endpoints enabled" mode.
```
